---
layout: post
title: 2024-02-04 One-Minute Post
date: 2024-02-04 19:25:59 -0500
description: Welcome to Chai With Py's One Minute Fairness and Privacy, which aims to provide you the current happenings in the world of Fairness, Privacy, and AI.
img: one_minute_logo.png # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: One Minute Logo# Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [Privacy, Fairness, Bias, AI]
---

Welcome to One-Minute-AI-Fairness-And-Privacy, Singapore proposes a Governance Framework for Generative AI to protect privacy. Meanwhile, AI is revolutionizing game development, raising concerns about data privacy. On the other hand, Amazon's GenAI chatbot faces scrutiny for bias and toxicity. Additionally, automated systems and AI are bleeding biases, prompting discussions on racial biases. However, DeepMind is pioneering responsible AI with WARM and SynthID, promoting fairness and privacy. As social media platforms aim to protect teens' privacy and autonomy, the balance is being sought with the help of AI. In the world of AI, privacy, bias, and fairness are at the forefront, shaping the future of technology and ethics.

## Articles we found interesting:

- **1. Singapore proposes Governance Framework for Generative <b>AI</b> | Data Protection Report** [link](https://www.dataprotectionreport.com/2024/02/singapore-proposes-governance-framework-for-generative-ai/)
_Highlight:_ ... <b>Artificial Intelligence</b>, Data Protection, PDPA, <b>Privacy</b> law. On 16 January 2023, Singapore&#39;s Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA), in&nbsp;...

- **2. Teens on social media need both protection and <b>privacy</b> – <b>AI</b> could help get the balance right** [link](https://newpittsburghcourier.com/2024/02/04/teens-on-social-media-need-both-protection-and-privacy-ai-could-help-get-the-balance-right/)
_Highlight:_ We have identified a set of steps that social media platforms could take to protect users while also protecting their <b>privacy</b> and autonomy online.

- **3. <b>AI</b> revolutionising game development: Future of interactive entertainment - The Financial Express** [link](https://www.financialexpress.com/business/digital-transformation-ai-revolutionising-game-development-future-of-interactive-entertainment-3383925/)
_Highlight:_ While <b>AI</b> has unlocked a realm of possibilities in the gaming industry, it&#39;s not without its challenges and ethical implications. 1. Data <b>Privacy</b>&nbsp;...

- **4. This Week in <b>AI</b>: Do shoppers actually want Amazon&#39;s GenAI? - TechCrunch** [link](https://techcrunch.com/2024/02/03/this-week-in-ai-do-shoppers-actually-want-amazons-genai/)
_Highlight:_ ... <b>bias</b> and toxicity. Amazon&#39;s previous attempt at a GenAI chatbot, Amazon ... New open <b>AI</b> models: The Allen Institute for <b>AI</b>, the nonprofit <b>AI</b>&nbsp;...

- **5. Silicon Veins: When Technology Bleeds <b>Bias</b> - Irish Tech News** [link](https://irishtechnews.ie/silicon-veins-when-technology-bleeds-bias/)
_Highlight:_ Automated Systems and Racial <b>Biases</b>. Automated systems, with their algorithms and <b>artificial intelligence</b> (<b>AI</b>), have become a cornerstone of our&nbsp;...

- **6. The Disruption of Generative <b>AI</b> in Expert-Driven Media Platforms - Rebellion Research** [link](https://www.rebellionresearch.com/the-disruption-of-generative-ai-in-expert-driven-media-platforms)
_Highlight:_ <b>AI</b> and Motherhood: Navigating Cognitive <b>Biases</b>. In discussing the impact of <b>AI</b> on motherhood and media, it&#39;s crucial to consider the influence of&nbsp;...

- **7. DeepMind&#39;s WARM and SynthID: Pioneering Responsible <b>AI</b> for a Better Future - Medium** [link](https://medium.com/%40tauqeertoni/deepminds-warm-and-synthid-pioneering-responsible-ai-for-a-better-future-9234439139ff)
_Highlight:_ ... <b>AI</b> in a direction that respects privacy and promotes <b>fairness</b>. The Future of <b>AI</b> with DeepMind DeepMind&#39;s commitment to advancing <b>AI</b> technology&nbsp;...

